java c
Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering
TRC4800/MEC4456 Robotics
PC 3: Inverse Kinematics
Objective: To solve inverse kinematics problem and gain insight of the multi-solution problem.
Problem 1. As shown in Figure 1, a 2-DOF positioning table is used to orient parts for arc-welding. The forward kinematics that locate the bed of the table (Link 2) with respect to the base (Link 0) are

Given an arbitrary unit direction fixed in the frame. of the bed (Link 2),   , derive the inverse kinematics solution for θ1 and θ2, such that this      vector is parallel with the z-axis   of the base frame, or   . Note that there may be multiple solutions for each angle. Is there a case where a unique solution cannot be found (i.e. singular condition)?

Figure 1: The 2-DOF positioning table


Problem 2. Derive the inverse kinematics solutions for the three-link manipulator shown in Figure 2(a), when
1. the target transformation matrix      is given





2. the target position of an end effector positioned      in Frame. F3, is given in Frame. F0 as   
The DH parameter of the manipulator are as follows

Figure 2: The manipulators for Problems 2 (LHS) and 3 (RHS)





代 写TRC4800/MEC4456 Robotics PC 3: Inverse KinematicsC/C++
代做程序编程语言
Problem 3. A 3-DOF manipulator is shown in Figure 2(b), consisting of two revolute joints and a single prismatic joint with the base plate fixed to the ground. Derive the inverse kinematics solutions for a given arbitrary location and orientation





The DH parameters of the manipulator are





Problem 4.





Figure 3: Planar Robot for Problem 4.
The transformation matrcies between the base and tool frames are:





Note: Your answers should reflect use of these transformation matrices, or otherwise the correct      generated by the matrices above. Do not reassign frames and use a different set of matrices or they will be marked as incorrect.




1. Solve the inverse kinematics of the robot using the algebraic method; that is find equations for θ1, d2 and θ3 in terms of the arbitrary location and orientation of the end effector shown in   





2. If the transformation matrix relating the base and tool frames is:





Find all valid solutions for the joint variables, if one exists. Let L1 = 2 and L3 = 4, and assume d2 ≥ 0.













         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
